pipeline disconnect is now initalized by the beater (#50721)
elastic/beats: docs/reference/filebeat/configuration-general-options.md

How long Filebeat waits on shutdown for the publisher to finish sending events before Filebeat shuts down.

> By default, it waits for 1s. Any events sent to the output, but not acknowledged before Filebeat shuts down, are sent again when you restart Filebeat. For more details about how this works, see [How does Filebeat ensure at-least-once delivery?](/reference/filebeat/how-filebeat-works.md#at-least-once-delivery).

Reviewer: We use cumulative docs since 9.0, so we should keep both options and tag them properly so that users know which one applies to their case depending on which version they're using. I wasn't sure which versions to put in there so please substitute the letters 🙂  

```suggestion
The default value is:

* {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.X-9.Y` `0`(no timeout) — Filebeat doesn't wait for the
  publisher to finish sending events before shutting down.
* {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.Z+` `1s` — Any events sent to the output, but not acknowledged before Filebeat shuts down, are sent again when you restart Filebeat. For more details about how this works, refer to [How does Filebeat ensure at-least-once delivery?](/reference/filebeat/how-filebeat-works.md#at-least-once-delivery).
```

Author: Actually, we are correcting the docs here. The behavior always was 1s default. Which means we don't need to apply a stack version.
